Hey.
Welcome.
Now heat is on here.
We are not going to be showing ourselves this error, but to the user.
Okay, so in this lecture, we're going to create a snack bar in order to display the heroes to the
user.
And in order to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VTS code.
And in order to have a much more cleaner code, what we can do is we can create a new PHI for this.
So over this controller's directory we're going to create a new file and we're going to call this Phi
Snack underscore bar, underscore controller and then the section is dot dot and now we can use control
and B to make this right.
Okay.
Now the first step is to create a function and we're going to call this function snack bar.
And what we can do is we can make this a bit more dynamic.
So over here, we're going to pass in a dynamic framework called title, and we are expecting a test.
So this is going to be a type of string.
The reason for this is because whenever we call this snack bar, we want to be able to pass the value
to this title.
Okay.
So over here, we're going to use something known as Scaffold.
Scaffold.
Messenger dot of contest as well.
It wants you to pass the contest over here.
So what we can do, we can have the drill cover and then pass the contest.
And you can see basically we don't have to specify the type, but we can just specify the type.
It is a type.
Or something known as beauty contest.
Okay.
And now we can say dots.
Show snack bar.
Okay for that snack bar is going to be.
Snack.
Snack bar.
And this is going to be a test with jets.
And now we can still want to display the title for the.
Now, this is just a variable.
We don't have the value to it yet.
Okay, the semicolon and this is basically it.
And now we can use control and save this file.
Now we can use control and B to make this smaller.
And then we need to head back to the London customer screen.
And over here where we have this function.
In order to check for errors.
Where we can store the results of this in a variable and the variable we are going to store it is going
to be similar to what we have over here, which is called Reds.
Okay.
So back so we can study results in a variable called race.
It's going to be equal to and we are expecting a test as a result of the error.
Right.
So this is to be a type of string.
OC is contra and beats and mixes wide.
And over here, we can have some check.
We can just do this here.
Have some check so we can say if.
If race.
Is not equal to success.
I think we have that success in.
In this US controller class, you can see we have the source of a if it is not a quoted source as.
Then we want to return.
That function, which we called snack.
Snack bar.
And you can see it's asking us for the value.
So the value is going to be the rest to display the hair.
As.
LS.
LS ls.
So you are basically saying if it is not equal to sources, which means there is an error.
So we are going to print it.
We are going to show the user the error.
As for the now, we're just going to print.
You have.
You have navigated to the home.
Full screen.
Okay.
So now what we can do is.
Click on this.
Look, you can see.
Please.
Fields must not be empty.
And we can study that a bit.
So we tell the snack bar and.
I think we have something known as.
Background colours?
Yes.
Should that be?
Just want to check this quickly.
I could program color.
We can say colors start.
C and a k.
His country.
Okay.
Click on this link.
You can see, please.
Fields must not be empty.
Sounds good, right?
And this is a test, right?
So we have access to the sorry, we have assets of this type property.
So you can have STI test STI.
And we can basically increase the font size to a 18.
And maybe for tweets.
Fun.
Sweet.
Though it's maybe w 500 and is concerned try to save.
Click on this link you can see and we can just have the chain of command via.
The chain of command and control necessary in order to have a much more cleaner code.
You can add more style to this.
Click on this.
When it is filled in, you're not going to see this era.
The accounts is going to be created successfully or later in the future.
We are going to navigate to the home screen if no error.
Well, before then all we are basically saying if it is not according to sources, that means there
is an error and we basically want to print it out else.
We want to navigate to the screen because you can see basically we are storing the results in a variable
called race and the rest is the short form of resort.
And it must be same thing we have over here.
Or via.
Yeah.
Because first of all, we created a function called sign up users and we created the possible error.
And over here we had a tribe log.
We said, if the fields are not empty, then only we want to create an account for the user.
We do then only want to create an account for the user with email and the password.
And as well we want to add that data to the cloud faster and we want to update this variable to say
sources and we want to print the email of the user to our debug console and as well account created.
So our console else is going to say please fields must not be EMC.
And if the hero is all that from all this, we are going to catch the error and print it to the user.
Probably network error or other errors such as accounts already existing.
We're going to print it so the user, we're going to show it to the user and over here.
We had created a snack bar.
You can see why we created the snack bar.
And if there's an error, we basically want to return that snack bar.
And you can see we are passing the rest.
We are passing the race over.
Right.
Else we are going to be we are going to be navigating to the home screen.
And you can see why we make this a bit dynamic by passing the title.
Right.
And we made it.
It's a string because it's going to be a test.
And you can see the test over here.
Please feel must not be M.S..
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.